_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Update about page, TODO: paper, projects, photo and news.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='https://computerscience.uchicago.edu/'><strong>The University of Chicago</strong></a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>John Crera Library 399</p>
    <p>5730 S Ellis Ave</p>
    <p>Chicago, IL 60637</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Hi there! I am Wenyi Wang (王文意), a PhD student in the Department of Computer Science, [**The University of Chicago**](https://computerscience.uchicago.edu/). I am a member of [Globus Labs](https://labs.globus.org/), where I am advised by Prof. [Ian Foster](https://cs.uchicago.edu/people/ian-foster/) and Prof. [Kyle Chard](https://cs.uchicago.edu/people/kyle-chard/).

My core research lies at the intersection of computer systems and machine learning, centered on building fast, scalable, and efficient solutions by exploiting fine-grained parallelism. 

Currently, I am working on large-scale, efficient LLM inference on many-node HPC systems, alongside the advancement of fine-grained parallelism techniques in OpenMP tasking models.

Previously, I had the privilege of being advised by Dr. [Camilo Rojas](https://www.media.mit.edu/people/camilorq/overview/) and Prof. [Pattie Maes](https://www.media.mit.edu/people/pattie/overview/) ([**MIT Media Lab**](https://www.media.mit.edu/), [Fluid Interfaces Group](https://www.media.mit.edu/groups/fluid-interfaces/projects/)); Prof. [Min Xu](https://xulabs.github.io/min-xu/) ([**Carnegie Mellon University**](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/), [Xu lab](https://xulabs.github.io/)); and Prof. [Peter Dinda](http://pdinda.org/)([**Northwestern University**](https://www.mccormick.northwestern.edu/computer-science/), [Prescience Lab](http://presciencelab.org/)).
